and I'm here at that location
I'm Scott Lucas I'm Peter I'm Jason
bench coach Thompson Oh
what's your favorite color
blue-black
these green what's your favorite food
please
cheese is that it's kind of accounts
okay
I haven't tried it yet but I think it'd
be
good answer mutton curry
all right well you know understand crazy
Oh something that is great
ray is it a split pea soup leave it out
line yeah
beaker
like Kermit
like the Swedish Chef DEP yeah
I'm gonna say Stadler
yeah cuz you're gonna turn it
my favorite boys night cream
when he went to concerts did you buy
t-shirts of the bandwidth off always
every time every time and I encourage
everyone to buy t-shirts when they come
and see us every single time
sometimes the same one twice yes
did I buy any of our home run back one
now now buy t-shirts like this one
an Iron Maiden shirt
my mom threw away
miles an ac/dc that I found
he's found in the ground there's a
constant shirt that I found that become
ah the Patti Smith t-shirt finished
where it's very old
in the 70s really
I've got an Eddie Murphy delirious shirt
from the early eighties right back and
there was a musical here so tiny counts
well yeah right yet to be at the console
you were there
my parents took me to see Eddie Murphy
when I was hilarious wasn't it the
Busboys who's the Busboys exactly wake
the 48 hours
when your kid and it was your birthday
did you get to pick a favorite
restaurant to go to
is it get to pick
wait did you want to know what they were
Chinese Chinese Chinese too new diamond
restaurant
instead of over the name that there are
beings maybe
about duty yes I remember having a
birthday party
right I have my last birthday at the
barter PC that seems like an excellent
practice a good idea what to take your
kid to restaurant of their choice on
their choice yeah sort of like a last
meal
that year unless I let my daughters do
something at the picture
from your childhood have you safe and
what's your roof look what objects from
your childhood happy safe and long
I've still got my baseball mitt
and I haven't used it for
- nicely paper route
the base bubble baseball
at comic books I'll sell one day kind of
stuff down
and finally he named all the Spice Girls
was ginger there's sporty yeah
it's scary there is baby
notice wrong
it was posh
yeah cause you know all their names I
think we might be able to get all their
names right so Gerry palpable ginger
ginger Melanie Brown was but scary
Cato Lisa Toria Victoria
the government's name here I don't know
what she was before she married the
soccer player
she was polished that leaves to right
maybe and spoon
Emma Bunton was baby Paul this boy
didn't really have enough opponents and
that's all that was her name is 40
48 Oh
now let me see or smell see ya pretty
good
now you've done
you